## Weekly Retro Template  

**Goals for last week**:
* Factor in the suggestions from our mentor and the panel at the first demo  
* Switch to Grid-based Tracking  
* Making the app more fun, engaging  
* Adding suggestions to better solve the problem of motivating the user to uncover new ground, using the FourSquareApi  

**Goals for this week**:
* Breaking the grid down into boroughs, to be able to track movement  
* Push notifications  
* Animate the userLocationAnnotationMarker  
* Making the UI shine

**Guiding Questions** (consider before the meeting):

  *  What went well?
  *  What should we do differently next time?
  *  What did we learn?
  *  What still puzzles us?
 
**Team Member Analysis**:
If you did not meet your goals, how will this affect the progression of the product? What will you do differently to meet your goals this week?

  *  Team Member #1 - Christella  
    * Goals/Responsibilities Last Week:  
        Implementing progress bar, wireframing.
        * Did you meet your goals/responsibilities last week? Yes.
    * Goals/Responsibilities This Week:  
        Implementing FourSquare API, Creating a custom cell for the tableViewVC, Cleaning up UI.  
  
  *  Team Member #2 - Justine    
    * Goals/Responsibilities Last Week:  
         Create grid, implement grid-based tracking; Create logo and appIcon; Brainstrom & conceptualize look & feel.
         * Did you meet your goals/responsibilities last week? Why or why not? Yes.
    * Goals/Responsibilities This Week:  
         Break down grid into boroughs; Animate the userLocationAnnotationMarker; Utilize grid to count subway stations visited.
          
  *  Team Member #3 - Felicia  
    * Goals/Responsibilities Last Week:  
         Create xib file for user profile VC, implement.
        * Did you meet your goals/responsibilities last week? Why or why not? Yes.
    * Goals/Responsibilities This Week:  
          Implement drop-down menu; Implement Push notifications.

**Additional Discussion Topics**:

  *  Compare your work planned with your work completed.  
  *  Is the divison of roles within your team working?  
       Mostly.  We are making changes as necessary, when necessary to get the work done.  
  *  How is communication and collaboration between team members?    
       We are communicating as necessary.  No merge conflicts, too big to handle.  
  *  Are you getting adequate support? How are you reviewing code?  
       Not really reviewing code very much right now, but will definitely go over this more with our mentor in the next meeting.  
  *  How can you improve productivity and get the most work done within the next week?  
       Stay focused, just put in the hours necessary.  Ask for help when stuck, before deleting and starting over.

**Mentor Comments**:
* Cut down the list of features to just the map, calculating distance covered with grid-based tracking  

**Panel Suggestions**:
* add suggestions & notifications  
* Don't bother with logIn/SignUp, Sharing with FB/Twitter  
* Improve the look of the map tracking
